\input texinfo @c -*-texinfo-*-
@c %**start of header
@setfilename readme.info
@settitle Perl P4::C4 Installation
@c %**end of header

@c $Revision: 1.6 $$Date: 2004/01/27 18:59:22 $$Author: wsnyder $
@c DESCRIPTION: TexInfo: DOCUMENT source run through texinfo to produce README file
@c Use 'make README' to produce the output file

@node Top, Copyright, (dir), (dir)

This is the P4::C4 Perl Package.

@menu
* Copyright::                   
* Description::                 
* Obtaining Distribution::      
* Supported Systems::           
* Installation::                
@end menu

@node Copyright, Description, Top, Top
@section Copyright

This package is Copyright 2002-2004 by Wilson Snyder @email{wsnyder@@wsnyder.org}.

You may distribute under the terms of either the GNU General Public License
or the Perl Artistic License, as specified in the Perl README file.

This code is provided with no warranty of any kind, and is used entirely at
your own risk.

@node Description, Obtaining Distribution, Copyright, Top
@section Description

This package wraps the Perforce client in a CVS like wrapper.

@node Obtaining Distribution, Supported Systems, Description, Top
@section Obtaining Distribution

The latest version is available at 
@uref{http://www.perl.org/CPAN/}

Download the latest package from that site, and decompress.
@samp{gunzip P4-C4_version.tar.gz ; tar xvf P4-C4_version.tar}

@node Supported Systems, Installation, Obtaining Distribution, Top
@section Supported Systems

This version of P4::C4 has been built and tested on:

@itemize @bullet
@item i386-linux
@end itemize

It should run on any Unix system with Perforce, provided that the
required perl modules below are ported to the platform.  Minor porting
may be required for Windows systems.

@node Installation, Installation, Supported Systems, Top
@section Installation

@enumerate
@item

Before installing this module, you need the Perforce Perl library,
P4::Client, available from CPAN or www.perforce.com.  This in turn
requires the Perforce API, also available from www.perforce.com.

@item
@code{cd} to the directory containing this README notice.

@item
Type @samp{perl Makefile.PL} to configure P4::C4 for your system.

@item
Type @samp{make} to compile P4::C4.

@item
Type @samp{make test} to check the compilation.  You will need a P4
deamon running.  It will NOT change the repository.

@item
Type @samp{make install} to install the programs and any data files and
documentation.

@item
Type @samp{c4 help} to see the command line interface.

@end enumerate

@node Installation,  , Installation, Top
@section Differences from C4-1.6

This C4 package is based upon c4-1.6 written in C by Neil Russell in
1999.  It has the same basic operations, with several minor differences.
For these differences, see the bottom of the NEWS file in the same directory as this readme.

